upgrade TinyLlama to latest checkpoints (#877)
Lightning-AI/lit-gpt: tutorials/download_tinyllama.md

which will print

```text
TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-intermediate-step-1431k-3T

> TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-chat-v1.0

Reviewer: Take a look at the changed lines and check that `Chat` is used instead of `chat`.

```

> In order to use a specific checkpoint, for instance [TinyLlama 1.1B base model](https://huggingface.co/TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-intermediate-step-955k-token-2T), which requires about 5 GB of disk space, download the weights and convert the checkpoint to the lit-gpt format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use a specific checkpoint, for instance [TinyLlama 1.1B base model](https://huggingface.co/TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-intermediate-step-1431k-3T), which requires about 5 GB of disk space, download the weights and convert the checkpoint to the lit-gpt format:
```

or

# chat version

> python chat/base.py --checkpoint_dir checkpoints/TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-chat-v1.0

Author: updated

```

To improve the response from Chat version you can also provide these args (as in the [model card](https://huggingface.co/TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v0.6)):

```bash

> python chat/base.py --checkpoint_dir checkpoints/TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-chat-v1.0 --top_k=50 --temperature=0.7

Author: updated
